---

**Ronny Gey** studied business informatics at the TU-Chemnitz and then
worked as a research assistant at the University of Leipzig and the FSU
Jena. Since 2018 he has been working as a trainee at the University
Library Leipzig and is studying library and information science at the
IBI at the HU Berlin. <https://orcid.org/0000-0003-1028-1670>

**Katrin Leinweber** studied life sciences, ecology and geology, then
shifted towards process automation, data analysis and software
development. She supports and trains researchers and librarians in these
topics since 2017. <https://orcid.org/0000-0001-5135-5758>

**Alexander Struck** has an academic background in LIS & CS. He worked for
the content industry and does research on citation networks, research
evaluation and research software discovery. Alexander is CIO of the
Cluster of Excellence -- Matters of Activity.
<https://orcid.org/0000-0002-1173-9228>

**Robert Str√∂tgen** is a historian and information scientist and has
developed scientific software at various institutions such as GESIS and
the Georg Eckert Institute. Since 2016 he has been head of the IT and
research support services department at the University Library of the TU
Braunschweig and is now deputy director.
<https://orcid.org/0000-0003-3320-5187>

**Christian Pietsch** is a computational linguist in Bielefeld University
Library's library technology and knowledge management department. Recent
DFG projects he contributed to include CONQUAIRE (Continuous quality
control for research data to ensure reproducibility) and ORCID DE.
Occasionally, he is involved in running BASE (Bielefeld Academic Search
Engine). <https://orcid.org/0000-0001-8778-1273>